Beta docs (#860)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-beta/Microsoft.Graph.Entra.Beta/Get-EntraBetaDevice.md

### GetById

```powershell
Get-EntraBetaDevice 
 -ObjectId <String> 
 [-All] 
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

The `Get-EntraBetaDevice` cmdlet gets a device from Microsoft Entra ID. Specify the `ObjectId` parameter to get a specific device.

## Examples

### Example 1: Get a device by ID

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Device.Read.All'
Get-EntraBetaDevice -ObjectId 'bbbbbbbb-1111-1111-1111-cccccccccccc'
```

```Output
DeletedDateTime Id                                   AccountEnabled ApproximateLastSignInDateTime ComplianceExpirationDateTime DeviceCategory DeviceId                             DeviceMetada
                                                                                                                                                                                   ta
--------------- --                                   -------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------- -------------- --------                             ------------
                bbbbbbbb-1111-1111-1111-cccccccccccc True                                                                                     dddddddd-9999-0000-1111-eeeeeeeeeeee MetaData
```

> This example demonstrates how to retrieve specific device by providing ID. This command gets the specified device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to retrieve a device using its ID.
```

### Example 2: Get all devices

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Device.Read.All'
Get-EntraBetaDevice
```

```Output
DeletedDateTime Id                                   AccountEnabled ApproximateLastSignInDateTime ComplianceExpirationDateTime DeviceCategory DeviceId                             DeviceMetada
                                                                                                                                                                                   ta
--------------- --                                   -------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------- -------------- --------                             ------------
                aaaaaaaa-1111-1111-1111-bbbbbbbbbbbb True                                                                                     aaaaaaaa-6666-7777-8888-bbbbbbbbbbbb MetaData
                bbbbbbbb-1111-1111-1111-cccccccccccc True                                                                                     aaaaaaaa-6666-7777-8888-bbbbbbbbbbbb MetaData
```

> This example demonstrates how to retrieve all devices from Microsoft Entra ID.  
> This command gets all available devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to retrieve all devices from Microsoft Entra ID.
```

### Example 3: Get top two devices

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Device.Read.All'
Get-EntraBetaDevice -Top 2
```

```Output
DeletedDateTime Id                                   AccountEnabled ApproximateLastSignInDateTime ComplianceExpirationDateTime DeviceCategory DeviceId                             DeviceMetada
                                                                                                                                                                                   ta
--------------- --                                   -------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------- -------------- --------                             ------------
                aaaaaaaa-1111-1111-1111-bbbbbbbbbbbb True                                                                                     aaaaaaaa-6666-7777-8888-bbbbbbbbbbbb MetaData
                bbbbbbbb-1111-1111-1111-cccccccccccc True                                                                                     aaaaaaaa-6666-7777-8888-bbbbbbbbbbbb MetaData
```

> This example demonstrates how to retrieve top two devices from Microsoft Entra ID.  
> This command gets the two devices from Microsoft Entra ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to retrieve two devices from Microsoft Entra ID.
```

### Example 4: Get a device by display name

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Device.Read.All'

> Get-EntraBetaDevice -Filter "DisplayName eq 'AkshayLodha'"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get-EntraBetaDevice -Filter "DisplayName eq 'Woodgrove Desktop'"
```

```

```Output
DeletedDateTime Id                                   AccountEnabled ApproximateLastSignInDateTime ComplianceExpirationDateTime DeviceCategory DeviceId                             DeviceMetada
                                                                                                                                                                                   ta
--------------- --                                   -------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------- -------------- --------                             ------------
                bbbbbbbb-1111-1111-1111-cccccccccccc True                                                                                     dddddddd-9999-0000-1111-eeeeeeeeeeee MetaData
```

> This example demonstrates how to retrieve device by display name from Microsoft Entra ID.  
> This command gets the specified device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to retrieve device using the display name.
```

### Example 5: Get a device filter by display name

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Device.Read.All'

> Get-EntraBetaDevice -Filter "startswith(DisplayName,'Aksh')"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get-EntraBetaDevice -Filter "startswith(DisplayName,'Desktop')"
```

```

```Output
DeletedDateTime Id                                   AccountEnabled ApproximateLastSignInDateTime ComplianceExpirationDateTime DeviceCategory DeviceId                             DeviceMetada
                                                                                                                                                                                   ta
--------------- --                                   -------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------- -------------- --------                             ------------
                bbbbbbbb-1111-1111-1111-cccccccccccc True                                                                                     dddddddd-9999-0000-1111-eeeeeeeeeeee MetaData
```

> This example demonstrates how to retrieve all the devices whose display name starts with Aksh from Microsoft Entra ID.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to retrieve all the devices whose display name starts with the word `Desktop`.
```

### Example 6: Search among retrieved devices

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Device.Read.All'

> Get-EntraBetaDevice -SearchString 'Ashwini'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get-EntraBetaDevice -SearchString 'DESKTOP'
```

```

```Output
DeletedDateTime Id                                   AccountEnabled ApproximateLastSignInDateTime ComplianceExpirationDateTime DeviceCategory DeviceId                             DeviceMetada
                                                                                                                                                                                   ta
--------------- --                                   -------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------- -------------- --------                             ------------
                bbbbbbbb-1111-1111-1111-cccccccccccc True                                                                                     dddddddd-9999-0000-1111-eeeeeeeeeeee MetaData
```

> This example demonstrates how to retrieve devices by search string from Microsoft Entra ID.  
> This command gets all devices that match the value of SearchString against the first characters in DisplayName.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to retrieve devices by SearchString.
```
